NAME
    dynsudp - An udp update server for dyns.cx

DESCRIPTION
    This server accepts UDP messages containing an update information block
    and rewrites this to a postscript011.php request.

    I got this idea from Paul Lamote, he is also experimenting with
    siteplayer (http://www.siteplayer.com) - an embedded webserver in 1
    square inch - and he wanted to be able to update the dynamic forwarder
    from his SP (siteplayer) device.

    The reason why does not want to use a PC as the updater is because he
    does not want to use his PC for this task; keeping a PC running costs
    money and not everybody can have a DSL router and a PC running all the
    time! Also, if you cannot have a PC running and you need to install an
    updater on the DSL router, then you'll face a problem as not all DSL
    routers can be expanded with custom software.

    To use this, you'll need to run this daemon on a machine that is
    reachable from your siteplayer device and that can reach the dync.cx
    website.

    We've run this for some time on dyns.cx, but stopped the support because
    we did not want to stress the server to hard with all those siteplayer
    devices out there ;-)

INSTALL
    Extract the archive in a directory, e.g. /usr/local/dynsudp. Edit the
    config file to fit your needs. You'll probably need to set the paths.
    Edit the startup script to reflect your paths.

    If you have a proxy to access the internet, then set the ENV variable
    http_proxy to reflect this.

    Use the startup script to start, stop, restart the server and check the
    status.

PREREQUISITES
    We need the following modules:

            Net::Server
            Dyns::Client

USAGE SHORT
    Send the following string to IP address 'ip' and port 20205:

            username|password|hostname|domain|ip

            e.g.

            john|doe|johndoessite|dyns.cx|ip

    Port 20205 is default in the dynsudp configuration.

USAGE
    Basically you'll need to send the following information to the dyns udp
    service:

      username|password|hostname|domain|ip

    Imagine you're user 'username' on dyns.cx and you've the password
    'password'. If you have reserved the domain name 'hostname' on dyns.cx,
    you can update your dynamic dns entry as follow:

      username|password|hostname|dyns.cx|

    We've omitted the IP number, this way we take the IP number of the
    gateway.

    You direct a microcontroller to send this string via UDP to the dynsudp
    service running on IP address 'ip' and port 20205. Or you can test this
    via a HTML page with a form. look in the SP examples, comes with the SP
    SDK, on how to do a UDP send.

AUTHOR
    Johan Van den Brande <johan@vandenbrande.com>

LICENSE
    This is free software, distributed underthe same terms as Perl itself.

